wiper is an essential component for vehicles which has windshield that use to wipe 
raindrops or any water from the vehicle's windscreen. Almost all vehicles except two
wheeler or three wheeler scooters are equiped with one or more such wipers, which are 
usually a legal requirement. The previous system used to activate the wiper manually and 
the process of pulling up the wiper is difficult to be handled. Thus, this system is 
proposed to solve these problems. The objectives of this project are to upgrade 
the older cars system by providing automatic wiping system, to improve the system by 
using sensor with actuator and to design a basic program that will fully operate with the 
system. The concept of this proposed wiper system is similar with other existing 
conventional wiper. In spite of removing water from windscreen, this system also will be 
upgraded to an automatic control system by using a Peripheral Interface controller and 
water sensor Rainwater, dust and exhaust gas chemicals from vehicles that stick to the 
surface of an automobile windshield are probably not an issue as long as the driver has
an unobstructed view of the road. However, if the sticking substances are left unchecked,
they will become a threat for travel safety. A windshield wiper control system comprises 
a wiper drive and two wiper arms. The drive moves the two wiper arms at a certain angle 
across the windshield, providing a clear view for the driver and passenger. A specially-
shaped rubber wiping lip ensures an optimal wiping result Wipers are vital for driver 
visibility. The vehicle is considered unsafe if the wipers don't work. The front wiper 
motor and the wiper transmission mechanism (linkage) are installed below the windshield, 
under the cowl panel cover. Here we implemented Wiper Control System using STM32F4Discovery 
Board.
